Don't be afraid.
I won't eat you
Of course it's a good thing to find you.
What do you mean?
Here's 100,000 dollars
Xu Shao for you
I refuse to do one more thing for him
Say
What are your plans for the next step in the development of your company?
I don't know.
I don't know. Okay?
I will let the people of Quanjiang City
Look at these beautiful photos of you
Ahahaha you are despicable
Thank you for the compliment hahaha
Once I get the plan
I will be discovered by the company
I can't go in and work in the company anymore
Isn't that just right?
Take the money and go out for a short meal
Wait until Li Yi's company is finished
I happened to come to work at Xu Shang Company
Best of both worlds